\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename splashtool.info
@settitle splashtool
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top splashtool -- A simple tool for creating SYSLINUX splashes without fuss
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title splashtool
@subtitle A simple tool for creating SYSLINUX splashes without fuss
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{splashtool}.
* Invoking::                        How to use @command{splashtool}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{splashtool} is a simple tool that lets you create an almost
exact image of how your SYSLINUX bootloader configurations will reader
if you are using @command{vesamenu}, so that you can do edits to the
background image and the @file{syslinux.cfg} so that you do not need
to use a virtual machine and real machine that you reboot.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

The @command{splashtool} takes two manditory arguments follwed by one
optional argument.

The first argument is the @file{syslinux.cfg} file you want to create
a preview for, the @var{background} and @var{font} specified in the
file should be relattive to @file{syslinux.cfg}, but  @command{splashtool}
also accepts absolute paths.

The second argument is output PNG (Portable Network Graphics) file.

The third argument is optional is should start with either `-w' or `--w',
if you want to create a preview of how it will look on a widescreen
monitor. @command{splashtool} assumes the image is 640 by 480 pixels,
and the output for widescreen is 853 by 480 pixels.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

